---
order: 3
image: assets/img/chairs2.jpg
image_position: bottom
---
### The proposal

Chris decided he wanted to propose to Nikita soon after he moved
to Chicago.  He decided to propose where their relationship began
– at their 5-year Stanford reunion. With the help of his parents,
he chose a ring on a family trip to Hong Kong and hid it in his
closet for months. He coordinated with Nikita’s girlfriends to
come up with the perfect proposal. True to form, Nikita repeatedly
changed her plans that weekend, forcing Chris to adjust and
re-adjust his proposal. On the final morning of reunion weekend,
Nikita set out on foot to meet a friend at the Oval to take some
engagement pictures for her and her new fiancé (the latest ruse).
Little did she know that her friends were waiting around the
corner to whisk Chris over to the Oval by car.  Nikita obliviously
walked to the Oval, where she found Chris waiting for her.  Chris
nervously rushed through his speech, maneuvering Nikita around the
crowd of tourists that had suddenly appeared, and got down on one
knee. Nikita started blubbering, but made sure to say an audible
“yes” before he slipped the ring on her finger.  Nikita’s friends
poured out of their cars, where they had been surreptitiously
recording the whole event on their phones. And, just like that,
they started the countdown to #BacligVashi2016.
